Update security_checklist.md (#1500)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/security_checklist.md

- Avoid exposing servers on the open internet when not strictly required.
- Ensure any servers, services, ports and virtual hosts that were opened for testing purposes are locked down before going live.
- Secure the database with a good password, keys, firewall, etc.

### Track dependencies

> - Run servers on a recent operating system, and install security patches for dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Run servers on a recent operating system and install security patches for dependencies.
```

- Configure servers to alert you about security updates from vendors. Pay special attention to dependencies used by your project directly, or by PHP. The provider of the operating system usually has a service for this.

> - Enable [GitHub Dependabot](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/supply-chain-security/managing-vulnerabilities-in-your-projects-dependencies/about-dependabot-security-updates), to receive notifications when a security fix is released in a Github-hosted dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enable [GitHub Dependabot](https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/supply-chain-security/managing-vulnerabilities-in-your-projects-dependencies/about-dependabot-security-updates)
to receive notifications when a security fix is released in a Github-hosted dependency.
```

> - If you're not using Github for your project, it's still possible to create a dummy project on Github with the same dependencies as your real project, and enable Dependabot notifications for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you're not using Github for your project, you can create a dummy project on Github with the same dependencies as your real project, and enable Dependabot notifications for that.
```

> - Ensure you get notifications about security fixes in Javascript dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you get notifications about security fixes in JavaScript dependencies.
```
